UID2-7002 Add Private Operator Network Egress page with list of domains (#1032)
UnifiedID2/uid2docs: docs/guides/operator-private-network-requirements.md

If your environment restricts outbound network traffic, you must allow outbound HTTPS (port 443) to all of the destinations below, or the operator cannot start.

## Integration

| Hostname | Purpose |
| --- | --- |
| `core-integ.uidapi.com` | Core Service (attestation, keys, salts, configuration) |
| `optout-integ.uidapi.com` | Opt-Out Service |
| `uid2-core-integ-store.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com` | Core data storage |
| `uid2-optout-integ-store.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com` | Opt-out data storage |

## Production

| Hostname | Purpose |
| --- | --- |
| `core-prod.uidapi.com` | Core Service (attestation, keys, salts, configuration) |
| `optout-prod.uidapi.com` | Opt-Out Service |
| `uid2-core-prod-store.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com` | Core data storage |
| `uid2-core-prod-store-replica.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com` | Core data storage (failover replica) |
| `uid2-optout-prod-store.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com` | Opt-out data storage |
| `uid2-optout-prod-store-replica.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com` | Opt-out data storage (failover replica) |

> Allow these by hostname rather than by IP address, as the underlying addresses change.

Reviewer: "as" has multiple meanings so better to use "because.

Also, probably they might change rather than they do change? If changing is a facet of what they are, "because the underlying addresses change" is fine.

```suggestion
Allow these by hostname rather than by IP address, because the underlying addresses might change.
```
